this is the story of the atlantean and the
old chroniclers have turned
agreement on the exact date he was born
of the atlante some of them wrote
was born so poor that my record had the
fixed majority that the team is born over there
of the years 1916 and 1917 at that time
existed in the streets of Valladolid and
sinaloa a lamp that bathed with its light
dying to a group of children who
rejected between poverty in dreams and
hopes a kid who nicknamed him the
cowboy refuge martínez led that
group of enthusiastic boys in the
plains in the countess place where the
young people gave free rein to practice
your favorite sport football the
martínez arrived from Querétaro with his
family and lived in the nopalera in
avenida chapultepec in front of calle de
cozumel la nopalera was famous for
his sweat fight healed
it was a lot of shacks half
abandoned ones made of adobe near that
site was the red house that
It was a prudencio wine factory
gutiérrez and in the street of chapultepec
that day ending with hamburg and prague
there they worked and they got drunk
first athletic players the race
who lived in the crossroads of insurgents
and chapultepec started going to a field
surrounding that served as practices to
professional club players
españa.los ragged kids covered
of sweat and poverty were soaked with that
ball game that they had never seen
those guys started limiting to
the players from spain and they made a
ball with half threads and to run
after her between the earth and the stones
but they could not afford to have
shoes or buy a ball because they cost
14 pesos and at that time it was a big buck
they had to be brought from England
that's why nobody was surprised
in a night at the corner of the streets
of valladolid and sinaloa
the so-called cowboy refuge along with his
trinidad martínez brother and the leg of
bear said and cracks and we formed a
team the answer was yes a scream
excited about that swarm of
sweaty kids
they were with a host of nicknames that
people put them certain ugly the
horrible defaulters as they have
detections worn t-shirts of the
vague and most fast but as
plays on this team is remembered
unforgettable names as members
besides the mastiff brothers as
alejandro corona juan norteño hernández
guadalupe deer hernandez to diets
roses teeth roses will turn roses the
Marrana olive groves said red macías in
leg lasts the students Juan and
konstantín storbo carreño luis pérez
Agustín Pérez the compadre Cosme Perez
with according to rosemary and Daniel Olive lawyer
the iracheta gregorio hernández josé
corona antonio garcía the black with his
shoe booties the ibarretxe
the dancer the canaleja and players who
to men who split with any and
where few people want you will remember it
that race that nobody ever publish as
he learned the secrets of soccer towards
its plains with the balls first the
patchwork
of sinaloa on the new street lucitania
for a war ship that they did not like
much and it did not work to attract the
people later changed it to 153 as a
submarine but people do not know
identified until creational they named
atlante by the sean or atlantic
scene of great events
wars and rock figures
imposing of the tula atlantes in
Hidalgo with the delivery they gave us in
the field and that name caused carbon
impressive in the village
approximately in 1919 the team
faced in a friendly game the team
known as the countess who would handle it
a man called general more before he
they realized that the first colors
The team's blacks were similar to
the Countess are the meanings of the
place on the shirt so that
decided to use the colors of
barcelona thanks to some photographs
brought from Europe as an anecdote
account that the cowboy had to sell
a cow and with what he received he bought the
fabric of uniforms and equipment and
some of the family members helped
sew that story
yesterday after achieving several flows
they treated several teams in the league
one of them was the club Spain
he accepted the challenge with something much
subjective which was reflected in a
surprising 2 to a to our favor before
the astonished looks of all
before such feats a man called
Roque Plaza helps the team if ever
success to keep it and follow a side
he took the reins jose ine in love the
which became the first
team president at the beginning of
1920 atlante no one is a play his
soft plain newton like grass
wild to these lantes followed them a
spot weights hats spoilers
europe arrested defendant without leaving their
station shoes never ever ever a
team represented to the core of
fire like the plant the story that
before a legend a treasure of the plain and
of poverty and I mystery how and in
where they found a football that
those boys threw their time
humble invited the football with a
unsuspected imagination managed to create
a team without having everything not only
demonstrating that if they could but that
managed to fight all who
he interposed them to achieve their dreams
Atlantean word meaning person you
help morally or support firmly
difficult and if we have never stopped
fight against all adversity against all
and all since 1916 those men
they played in the stadiums of their time and the
people its overturned we see delivered by
win to the fullest in the
dusty plains of the tile between the
sacred dust of the plain shone and
the blue and grana colors will shine
that the plant emerged from the fire
village
how
i